Episode eight of the Lonnie and Ryan
podcast. Almost forgot the name. We
don't even have a name though.
>> That is it. Lonnie and Ryan podcast.
>> That's the name. Lonnie and Ryan
podcast. And this week we have our wives
on the show. Say hello to our wives. Be
very nice to them.
>> Be very nice to them.
>> This is Candace, by the way.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Oh, this is Pam.
>> Our wives.
We're just the wives. We're wife one and
wife two.
>> Get a shirt.
>> So Pam, I have a question for you. What
do you think about the name of our
podcast?
>> The Lonnie and Ryan podcast.
>> Yeah. What do you think about it? Do you
Did you like it?
>> I'd like to meet Lonnie. I only know
Leonard.
>> I don't know who
I
>> Is he gonna come, too?
>> No. But what do you think? What what
what do you think other than it being
Lonnie instead of Leonard? What do you
think about the Lonnie and Ryan podcast
name?
>> I I mean I feel like you guys would be
moving around and stuff more than just
chitchat like dancing with a stick or
something.
>> Yes.
>> The fro What is that from? It's the frog
from uh
>> Bugs Bunny Michigan.
>> Bugs Bunny. That's right. Yeah,
>> baby. My heart's on fire.
>> Yes, now I see it. Your name and lights.
>> Yep.
>> That's what I feel like it is. I almost
feel like it's Lonnie and Ryan podcast
and it would have the little bulb lights
>> like a marquee.
>> Like the marquee.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, we can come up with a logo with
that.
>> Yeah, we need graphics off of that.
Yeah, I did one the other day that was
pretty cool. I was playing around
>> with what?
>> AI.
>> Oh. Oh, no. Be careful. Lonnie's not a
fan of AI images.
>> That's what he says, but he sneaks and
uses it when he don't think anybody's
watching.
>> I know what you
mean.
>> Did you hear what she said? I knew what
you did yesterday. Now I'm like having
to go. What in the world?
>> What did you do yesterday, Lonnie?
>> What did you do with AI?
>> What did I do with AI that I didn't know
that she knew knew about?
>> Yeah. What did you do, Lonnie?
>> I don't know. You tell me. You're
>> starts with an M.
>> An M.
>> Yes.
>> Oh. Oh, I can't say that word.
>> What? Oh, no.
What?
>> What? Oh, you're talking.
>> No, you're okay. Go ahead. Finish. Why?
What are you?
>> I am totally confused.
>> The the word that I'm thinking about
that starts with M
>> and involves you like catching me doing
something is not a great word.
>> AI.
>> So, what is the word?
>> Can you do that with AI?
>> I can do anything with AI nowadays.
>> What is the rest of your story?
>> Messy.
>> Huh? Oh, that
>> you joined me.
>> No, I did. But I unjoined it. I unjoined
it.
>> It's It's AI software for 3D printing.
>> Oh, I subscribed to it and I It's AI
>> and then I unsubscribed.
>> Oh, you felt guilty
>> a little bit.
>> Oh,
>> yeah. I tried it out. I didn't like it
and then I unsubscribed from it.
>> Dirty little secrets.
>> Oh my god. It starts with M.
>> I know what you did.
>> Oh gosh. Will you set that up for me?
>> Hey, look. There's a question.
>> Okay.
>> Does Ryan play music? Does Ryan Does
Ryan still play music?
>> Um Oh, careful.
>> Oh, yeah. There you go.
>> Well, there there's my drum set.
>> Does it have dust on it?
>> What?
>> Oh, Pam's about to go play, I think.
>> Says Pam play.
>> Yeah. No, it's covered in It's covered
in dust. Mhm.
Here
I am. The one that you like.
>> I can't play this.
>> This this air supply, right?
>> I don't know how to play the guitar.
>> Yeah, you air supply.
>> That's yours, Ryan.
>> Mine.
>> I didn't know you played that song and
then
>> Yeah,
>> he listens to a song and then after like
three listens, he can play it. Don't
listen to him. Let me go get Bali with
her trombone and y'all can do a a duet.
>> A guitar and trombone and duet have
>> a band. I don't know.
>> Well, they do have that in their dra
jazz band.
>> Yeah, it's true.
>> It's electric guitar though, I think.
Oh, they just froze again.
>> No, he's back.
>> Okay,
>> he's fine.
>> I'm here.
>> I I thought to answer the question, no,
not really. I don't really do music
anymore.
Somebody uh Mary McQuain said, "I
thought Ryan was a drummer in a former
life." Oh, Pam of all songs. Yikes.
>> That That is a actually Ryan is You are
>> I told you that song's amazing.
>> It's a good song.
>> Yes.
>> No, I am a drummer.
>> He has he has an EP where he was the
drummer in
>> in my band in in the former bandit. No,
Mary's actually spot on. She's she's an
OG viewer. He went he went to the ER for
something once years ago and the guy
looked inside of his ears and he goes,
"Are you a percussionist?"
>> He's like, "Yeah, as a matter of fact, I
play the drums." I had no idea.
>> Wait, wait, wait. Ryan talk like that?
>> Ryan talk like that?
>> Yeah, as a matter of fact, I play the
drums.
>> The doctor talked like that.
>> Yeah,
>> matter of fact.
>> Listen,
>> funny you bring that up.
Listen, when we were there, I have video
of him singing this song called Special
Friends.
>> Oh, yeah. Oh,
>> yes. He was on something. I don't know
what they do,
>> but he's in his little in the bed laying
back and he's like, "Special
friends."
>> We're gonna have to resurface that video
>> to watch.
>> Yes. So, how could they tell like is
your eardrum shot?
>> I I will share that with you, Miss
Candace, once I
>> Yeah, it exists somewhere.
>> Yeah, Ryan, they you have like damage in
your
>> Yeah, damage in your ear. They could see
it with the
>> What do they call it?
>> I I'm going to be honest. I I don't even
remember this happening. So,
>> your mother was there. I was there.
>> Well, I don't remember.
I don't remember a doctor looking in my
ear and being like, "Are you a
percussionist?" That that does not ring
a bell to me.
>> Where if I had my phone in the child and
I'd call your mom right now and have her
as a guest guest guest.
>> You know why it doesn't
that point?
>> You know, it might have been it might
have been
>> he he Ryan just said it didn't ring a
bell,
>> but maybe that's because he's bell
>> because you're a drummer.
>> My ears were ringing.
>> That's right.
Oh man.
>> Oh, we're being too loud. We're getting
locked in our room.
>> Oh, little.
>> Oh,
>> okay.
>> But he locked us in first.
>> Tennessee picker says you just
>> He remembers that.
>> Yeah,
now he locked himself in. We can't get
back in.
>> I was thinking that first he was locked.
That's a That's a good memory, Mary, cuz
I don't remember even really talking
about my band days on YouTube,
but I must have at some point.
>> I feel like I should have evidence
somehow.
>> You said just
>> Kevin saying you just need to know
>> G, C, and D. That's chords.
>> Is that the chords on the guitar?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. The simple chords. I I think
there's like uh there's this thing where
it's like I think Ed Sheeran did a video
about it one time where like
>> he was like I can play any song with the
same three chords
and he just kept like singing like
somebody would name a song and he would
just play it over the same three chords.
It was probably C, G, and D if I had to
guess.
>> I have no idea.
>> So
>> yeah,
>> Pam, I have more questions for you. Pam,
have you How many of you
>> Let me get in my hot seat.
>> Yeah, it should be burning up. So, cuz
that that that's
>> Is that what that is? I thought I had
gas.
>> No, we're we're here. We're We're here
to put each other in the hot seat. So,
how many
>> Oh,
>> how many how many
>> think about this? I could have had
better Sorry. How many of these podcast
episodes of the Lonnie and Ryan podcast
episodes have you watched?
>> Have I sat down and watched
>> or listen to?
>> Have I heard? Have I heard?
>> I don't know how
>> also none.
>> No, I have heard portions of and I've
watched them with the little man because
he gets excited to see Uncle Leonard and
>> Okay.
>> Candace. So, yeah. But not all the way
through. So like what about you?
>> Portions.
>> Ditto.
>> Just ditto.
>> Only when little Ryan asks her. Ditto.
>> Yeah.
>> Candace watched. Didn't you know you
watched one of them all the way through,
didn't you? Like one of the
>> I think the first one. Who was the first
one?
>> Just me and Ryan. The first one.
>> Yeah. Who was the second one?
The second one was
>> we reacted to
>> Oh, we reacted to
>> Oh, I didn't see that.
>> I think I just watched the first one.
Yeah.
>> Well, we did the first We did the first
episode and then we talked about Trash
to Cash and then they did an episode
where they talked about us and then we
did an episode where we talked about
them talking about us.
>> Now, let's see if they have their wives
on next week.
>> Oh, no. I don't think that that that's
like no pro probably not.
>> And I did watch the first one. I
remember it was like early in the
morning or was No, it was late at night.
It was like I started watching it I
usually go to bed like at 10 o'clock and
I started watching it like at 9:45 and I
couldn't stop watching it. So really
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know if you remember I was like
on the couch
>> Oh, I remember that now.
>> Zoned into it and you were like, "Are
you still awake?"
>> Yeah.
I couldn't believe and but then you
haven't watched all the other episodes.
>> No, I just I don't have time, you know,
>> like when do I watch anything on a
screen
>> when you go to bed at night
>> and I fall asleep in about five minutes.
>> So, you know, true.
>> I just really don't have time right now.
>> I hear a lot of it because I'm usually
in the next room and I hear the
>> That's a horrible impression. I don't
think we laugh a lot on the show.
>> You crack up at the end. Like that's
when I know you guys are getting silly.
You're just about to wrap things up.
>> Let the people comment.
>> Yeah.
>> Does he laugh?
>> Okay.
>> Or or is that
>> He doesn't remember anything I say. But
Leonard and him when they do like
things, he's like, "Yep, that was
actually at 3:45 and it was just me and
Leonard, and we got to make cupcakes
together, and it was awesome. The
frosting was the best frosting in the
whole wide world."
>> What are you talking about?
Hey, Rev. Rev Resale has a question
here. This is this is a good one.
>> What beef do the wives have with Lonnie?
Don't take two recommendations from
Lonnie.
Okay. Okay. Pam. Pam, do you have any
kind of beef with me that I don't Well,
do you have any that I know know about
or maybe any that I don't know about?
Those are the ones that always get me.
>> I don't have beef with you. I probably
have more beef with his time management
and just so happens to deal with you.
>> Okay.
>> Oh,
this this might get a little spicier
than I thought. Okay.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> I know he has his phone on him 24/7 cuz
I know if Uncle Leonard texts him for
the chat, like he doesn't call him Uncle
Leonard, by the way. That's just one. I
would be really uh I'll be like, "Okay,
it's time to cut this off."
>> Rev Rev. Rev Resale, you opened up a
can. But enjoy this, Rev, cuz here it
comes. All right, go ahead. I'm sorry.
>> No, but it's not you. It's just his time
management where he will he's very
tentative to you and sometimes I feel
like you're the misses and I'm just the
maid.
Ryan had to take a sip of drink on that
one. I And you know what? You know what?
I Pam, I appreciate I appreciate how
trans come back in the screen. They
can't see her face.
>> I appreciate how honest Pam was there.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Because Candace is the same way.
>> I don't think I'm as bad
>> as bad. She's bad. No, I think because
>> with honesty
>> we've been together so long that I'm
glad I'm happy for you
that YOU
>> we've been together so long.
>> I'm happy you guys.
>> I wish
>> this is brutal. I wish you were actually
I wish you were actually a little more
jealous.
>> Sorry.
>> Oh, come on. Keep
>> kind of gives me some more free time.
>> Well, in
>> Oh, wow.
>> in regard to
>> and and not saying he's he's a great
dad, but I don't have like just free
time where I get to do what I want. Lots
of times I'm chasing around a little.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
>> Yep. But if I do say, but I and he tells
me you like if you need something or
want something, you have to tell me
directly. And I'm not very good at
direct like I guess to him until it gets
to that point where I'm like, I need you
to stop talking to Uncle Leonard. He
will be there when you call.
>> He'll be in 10 minutes.
>> Hungry.
>> Yeah.
>> You don't understand like it's not like
we're just talking about random stuff.
Usually when we're talking it's about
things that are, you know, business
related or
>> Yeah, it was very serious.
>> Very serious stuff.
>> I think you forget I Candace probably
doesn't get it as much, but I hear
Leonard in my kitchen all the time. The
audio
>> and it's always in her sleep.
>> I HEAR HIM ALL THE TIME.
>> YEAH.
>> And it's very serious stuff though. And
I and I have told Ryan this multiple
times
that I actually like your voice is like
comforting. Like it's a like it's not
like a bad voice or anything. It's like
a right like I don't know how I've said
it. Never mind. Stop.
But
>> yeah,
>> Bonnie's voice is comforting.
>> Well, yes, it is.
>> Yeah. Like it's
>> you know how some voices just you'd
rather not hear.
>> I know. Aren't you lucky?
>> I guess I'm just so used to it because
we've been together so long.
>> She dumps it out. She's Careful. She's
been having you start talking around.
>> You don't know what you got. You don't
know what you got here.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Tell me what I've got.
>> The doulamer the doulamer toned
uh soothing voice of of Leonard
Honeycomb.
I'm not calling you Leonard Honeycomb.
>> Come on, Candace. Once you like it
anyway. So, yes.
>> Is that what you want me to call you?
>> No, I don't.
>> No,
>> but funny.
>> But funny enough,
>> Go ahead.
>> Go ahead, Ryan.
>> I think there's a lag. No,
>> I was gonna say, funny enough, you
created an entire channel around the
name that Pam gave you.
>> Yep.
Yeah.
>> Yep. Life of Leonard.
>> Have you been doing anything with that?
>> I haven't.
>> Yeah.
>> Not yet. Not lately. I will.
>> Again.
>> Life of Leonard.
>> Leonard.
>> That was
>> I actually came up with that.
>> We watched that quite a bit. Life of
Leonard. I was dedicated Life of Leonard
watcher.
>> Mhm.
>> And the baby. And then you stretched
kind of and it felt weird when I watched
it, but
No, Uncle Leonard.
>> Keep it PG, Uncle Leonard.
>> So, Candace, what what beefs do you
have?
>> Do you have any beefs? Do you have any
beefs with Ryan?
>> No. No, not at all. No.
>> Do you have any beefs? Do you have any
beefs with me because of Ryan?
>> No. I told you I'm very happy for you.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, that was easy.
>> Send you guys a gift. I don't have I
don't have beef with Pam either. Just to
get it all.
>> Oh yeah. Do you have beef with Pam?
>> I love Candace. Even if she had beef
with me, I hope I would be her best
Bessie.
>> Yes. And you would be my best beefy.
>> That's right,
>> man. Old Rev.
>> Little Bessie the cow. I'll come in.
I'll come in wearing a little
bell. You have one of those on there.
The cow bell. take it right off of his
uh side he hasn't used in
>> Rev opened up a can of worms there. Hold
on one second.
>> Talking about opening up. We have a
ninja on the other side.
>> Mine's banging on the door.
>> He's the one who locked it. Candace says
hi.
>> All right.
>> I don't think he can hear you cuz you're
ears.
>> Yeah.
>> Now she's on the floor.
So, so Pam, whenever we started,
whenever Ryan told you Oh, wait. She
can't hear yet.
>> Nope.
>> Can you hear me, Pam?
>> Leonard.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, I hear you.
>> Okay, good. So, whenever Ryan came to
you and told you, "Hey, uh, Lonnie and I
are going to do another podcast," what
what did you initially say? What What
was What was the first thing you told
him?
Um,
>> I don't even remember. I think you were
just like, "Okay,
>> I probably just was like,
>> you were probably like, they're going to
be talking anyway. They might as well
record it, right?"
>> You know, I just I was like, "How much
more do you guys have to talk about?"
>> What are we
>> Well, that's something we do now. like
we'll be having a discussion and we'll
be like, "Oh, wait, wait, wait. Let's
let's not talk about that right now.
Let's save it for the pod." And it's a
little bit different because usually
it's like
>> when it comes to like guests, I guess,
but um yeah,
>> we try to refrain from talking about
some things.
>> I will say I did ask him, I was like,
"Are you going to have other people on
there to talk to?" Just because I felt
like they talk so much just themselves
that they would need like a third person
to
>> Right.
Oh, I def I definitely think you're
right. Like we were actually talking
about that. I don't know what
>> I don't know what we would continue to
talk about every week unless you know
unless we like talked about current
events or something like that.
>> You guys have been doing it for years.
So, I mean, I have faith that you guys
could find something because you guys do
it every day.
>> Yeah, we'd be able to pull it off. But
>> I don't I feel like it wouldn't be as
interesting unless we you know
>> or there may be some things they don't
want out there.
>> Probably having things.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, inside jokes.
>> They're staring at us.
>> I know they are. They're frozen. They're
frozen like staring and judging.
>> I know. Both of them.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Oh no.
>> Storm. That's
>> Let's show them what they look like.
>> Y'all are like this.
>> No. Put your hand up like him.
>> I know. Why were we both?
>> And
>> you know what? Ryan does a lie. He goes
like this
>> on the teeth.
>> It's cute.
>> It's probably
It's probably because So, we just had
like a a giant blizzard.
>> He's like, I'm not going to address
that.
>> No, I don't want to talk about that. We
just had a giant blizzard.
>> So, uh I think our internet screwed up
because of that. If I had to guess,
we've never had this issue. So,
>> we have like a blizzard warning until It
was until 700 p.m. So, it's probably
clearing through.
>> They overhyped the storm, though.
>> They did. That's what I was going to
ask.
>> Storm.
>> Yeah, they overhyped it.
>> Yeah.
>> How many feet have y
>> 46 in?
>> Yeah. Oh. Oh, that's nothing.
>> Oh, that's a lot. That would be a lot
for us.
>> That would be a lot for us.
We've gotten none this year.
>> Well,
>> like not not even flies.
>> People think it's a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> our whole city would shut down.
>> I'm disappointed.
>> You You got They're gone.
>> Well, no, we can still see you and hear
you.
>> Mhm.
>> Well, now they're frozen again.
>> Hello,
>> dear. I can hear you.
>> We can hear you.
>> Like I can't tell. Can the people in the
chat still see us?
>> I have no idea.
>> I don't know.
>> You look like you're
>> Guys, can you see if I pick my nose
right now?
>> Well, yeah, but you look like you're in
Minecraft.
>> I'm looking at the chat.
>> Hi guys.
>> Yeah. C Can y'all see still see us in
the uh in the live chat there?
>> He said yes. Heaven says yes.
>> Wait. Stop.
>> Is he saying that about picking my nose
or is he saying cuz when you guys were
gone I was checking to see if they could
see me picking my nose or not.
>> No. No. Every time you pick your nose it
comes in crystal clear somehow. We don't
know how but it's it's a miracle.
>> Well then
>> just keep your finger up your
>> let me know.
>> It's like a satellite.
>> Oh I have a question. I have a question
for the chat. Oh, by the way, we're the
live chat we're referring to, that is
the inner circle, the the people that
have joined the channel and and we are
we are you the members of the channel.
We're we we're recording this live
>> uh for them and then, you know,
>> playing it back on on tape delay or
whatever you want to call it later. But
um how many of y'all in the
man the inner circle it's taking me a
little while to keep remembering to say
that. How many of y'all in the inner
circle chat are going to be at the
reseller rally in September?
>> Oh, good question.
>> Am I in the inner circle?
Even if I'm not in there.
>> Yeah, right here. We can see it.
>> So, can I raise my hand?
>> Yeah.
>> That I'm gonna
>> Well, you're on the podcast, so I think
you're in the inner circle. Pam, you
going?
>> Um, I heard you were going. Should I put
my head down if you're not?
>> I'm going. I'm going. I'm gonna be
there.
>> Mary and Mary's going.
>> Yeah.
>> I am very much looking forward to it.
Real says, "We are debating about going,
which means he's 90% going."
>> That actually means he's going.
>> He Where does he live?
>> Tennessee. Mhm.
>> of Georgia.
>> Georgia.
>> Rev lives in Georgia.
>> And but something Georgia.
>> But Georgia.
>> No, it was wasn't it but
>> what was it called? Something but
>> is it but
>> No, it was something but
>> is it We have a boutique.
>> I live two hours. What?
>> It wasn't uh Butts County, wasn't it?
>> Buts County. Yeah. Okay. He's saying it
now. Buts County, Georgia.
>> Where is that near? We don't it don't
know.
>> I've never been. I'm excited.
>> I think it's north of
>> I know you.
>> I looked it up.
>> One.
>> Oh, that's right. Pam. Pam, you didn't
go in 2021. You But you let Ryan come.
>> You let Ryan come out with us.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. I was pregnant at the time and so I
didn't think that was a good idea.
>> Yeah.
>> Have you ever
>> being pregnant? I'd rather
>> No, I have worn a hat that said
Cincinnati on it though.
>> That counts.
>> Probably counts for something.
>> Made me feel like I was there. Well, it
was one that was like made over there,
so at least there was something of
Cincinnatiish.
>> You'll like it. Cincinnati is actually a
pretty nice city. I liked it there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So,
>> I was trying to figure out what to bring
to wear already.
>> Oh, yeah. Pam was like, "Oh, what what's
the uh the the dress on on the boat?"
>> And I looked up that's why I looked up
old pictures. Remember, Lonnie, I was
sending you pictures the other night of
of the last rally.
>> And uh that's why I was looking it up
because I was like, "What did I wear
that night?" And I wore just like a
black button down. So, like kind of
casual.
>> I really hope casual. I want to see the
the guy that people thought was Ryan.
>> Oh,
>> I I just want to find him in a crowd and
then just randomly link arms with them
and be like, "Hi."
>> Yeah.
>> I'm the wife everyone asked you about.
>> That dude was saying that people were
coming up to him be like, "Oh, I love
your channel."
>> What What was What's that guy's name? I
mean, he is a spitting image.
>> Oh, man. Uh,
>> he can't remember when he was in the ER.
He
>> something on the road, I think.
>> Wasn't
>> Does anybody
cut off?
>> Does anybody in the chat know who we're
talking about? It's a guy that looks
exactly like Ryan.
>> Kevin, you were there. Do you remember?
>> I don't remember his name. I I feel like
it was something on the road.
>> Let's see. Cars on the road.
>> Oh, wait.
>> Reseller on the road. I don't know. I
can't remember.
>> But yeah, he was like, "Oh, yeah. I've
been having people come up to me all day
thinking that I was you."
>> He may not have a channel anymore.
>> I don't know if he does it still or not,
but dude, he he is this like y'all are
y'all look like y'all are twins almost.
>> We took a picture together. I don't know
if I have.
>> Oh, that's right. Do you have
>> Oh, yeah. Show us the picture if you
have it. I don't know. I can try to see
if I can find it.
>> Ryan's really good about finding old
pictures. He'll find it.
>> Years.
>> He probably has it saved in a special
naughty folder in his phone.
>> Yeah.
>> A naughty folder.
>> Isn't that like when the people transfer
things and then it goes in a safe box or
something on your phone? You have to
>> Yes.
>> I don't have a secret folder. I don't
what
>> AI things.
>> What would I put? What would I put in a
secret folder if I had
>> I don't know. If I knew it wouldn't be a
secret.
>> Do you have a secret folder?
>> I don't.
>> Pam, do you have a secret folder?
>> Ryan would have to put it on my phone
for me because I am not techsavvy.
>> Then it won't be a secret.
>> Yeah, I just I just not that good.
I'm gonna make a I'm gonna make a secret
folder right now and I'm gonna put
something secret in it.
>> I think the iPhone has like I think
iPhone has like a hidden Well, I know
iPhone has a hidden folder on your
camera.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Told you he knows everything. He has it
all.
>> I don't have the picture.
>> I don't know.
>> I need to protect it.
>> I would need to protect it from against
Candace somehow, though. And I would I
wouldn't want her to be able to like
>> push I know all your password.
>> She knows all my codes and everything.
>> And so for it to be really effective.
>> Shoot. At this point, your face ID might
my face might even open it for me.
>> It might actually.
>> You got to use you you got to use
something else like that she would never
think of like Pippen's rear end or
something
instead of a face. Oh, well, I could let
her I could let her make the password
and she would she wouldn't remember it.
Like,
>> oh, you're getting that way, too.
>> Yeah.
>> So, then tomorrow when he's chasing
around Pippen's rear end, you're going
to be like, "What the heck?"
>> Oh, that's my password.
>> Hold it still, Pippen.
>> How's Pippen doing? He's doing good.
>> He's doing really good. He just had an
eye appointment and um he said he's
doing great and
>> awesome.
>> He went from six months to a year
checkup.
>> Yeah. And and I wanted I didn't say
this, but I wanted to say Yeah. $10,000
later he should be doing pretty good.
>> Yeah, that's crazy.
>> But thank goodness we didn't have to pay
it.
>> Yeah,
>> we pay insurance.
>> You pay 10%. We pay the Yeah, we have
insurance, so we only pay 10%.
>> Thank goodness you guys got insurance.
>> Wow.
>> Honestly, if we didn't if we wouldn't
have bought that, if we didn't have
insurance,
>> he'd be blind right now.
>> Pippen be bumping into a lot of stuff
right now.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean,
>> well, well, I play cards at a lady's
house who has a diabetic dog who is
blind, and he's fun, but I mean, it's a
little bitty dog
>> and they left this dog out at night in
the dark and he's blind. I'm like, "Are
y'all crazy?" Some
>> You'd be surprised. They learn though.
They learn pretty well.
>> They do. Yeah. He He gets around fine.
Like he never bumps into stuff. It's
crazy.
>> Come on.
>> Yeah. Cuz we we had um growing up we had
an English mastiff who was di diabetic.
She was diabetic and she went pretty
much blind
>> and she she got around just fine.
>> That's like a big dog, right? That's
like a huge dog, right? Yeah.
>> Like you know the movie You know the
movie Sandlot?
>> Yeah.
>> The dog in that movie. The big dog in
that. That's an English mask.
>> Slobbery dog. Did it slobber a lot?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Yep.
>> So we have a cat now that's diabetic.
And that was my first question. Is he
gonna go blind? And she said it does not
affect cats that way. They don't go
blind.
>> Really? Oh that's interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, every morning Candace has to
wake up and she has to feed the dog,
feed the cat, and then give the dog and
the cat both insulin injections. And she
does it again
>> at night. At night,
>> morning and night, I'm giving insulin to
two animals now.
>> Twice a day.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> And what's what what
>> what's Uncle Leonard doing? Probably
talking around.
>> What
helping out
>> in the morning? He's sleeping and at
night
>> he's usually like talking to Ryan.
>> Oh man.
>> What's Lonnie doing during all that?
What's Lonnie?
>> Wow. That old knife got stuck right in
the side. What's Lonnie doing during
that? Actually, I do it sometimes.
>> He does like when I'm out of town or
like when I go to play cards or
whatever, you know, if I'm not here, he
does.
>> Yep. If everything if all other
possibilities
>> no one else you'll do it.
>> It's not fun. I don't
>> It's not Pippen. Pippen's Pippen's
awesome.
>> You got to like pinch pinch the skin.
>> Yeah.
>> So I feed Pippen and then when he's done
eating, he walks over to me and then he
puts his head down for me to do his
shot.
>> That's why I love Okay. Yeah. The cat
bites me.
>> He doesn't like it.
Really?
>> It's awkward.
>> I know. There's so much lag.
>> I know,
>> dude. There's like there's like over
second. There's over a second lag.
>> I'm like, this is awkward.
>> That's why I was like I was looking.
>> Oh my god. All the reactions are delayed
by like a second.
>> It's like whenever they're doing live
Olympics in another country or
something.
It's It's very difficult. Look,
everything is like all the all the
reactions the timing is like.
>> I know.
>> We should just do random reactions and
anticipate.
>> Well, when y'all are just y'all are just
sitting there and then I say something
and y'all are still sitting there. I'm
like,
>> "Yeah, I tell I tell a I know. It's like
you tell a joke and they're just like
and then and then 30 30 seconds later
they're busting out when you just said
something serious and it doesn't match.
>> Is it like that for everybody else or
just us? Like people in the chat, what
are they seeing?
>> It's like on the news on the news when
they're like, "Let's send it over to
let's send it over to George." And then
George is like
>> and they're standing there like
brush.
>> Thank you.
>> Exactly. Y
>> Reel had a question. He's got a good
question. How did each couple meet?
>> Yeah, I'll go first. So, we met
on a cruise
through it wasn't total well, we were
strangers at the time, but it wasn't
total strangers. It was through like
mutuals. Like, I went with a buddy. My
buddy's dad was with Pam's aunt. Pam's
aunt brought her on the cruise, so we
met that way.
So,
>> we kind of met on a boat, too.
>> We did.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Might have been on a cruise. No, it
Well, it may have been. It was a casino
boat.
>> At work.
>> It was at work.
>> Oh, I did know that.
>> Nice.
>> A old river boat. Paddle wheel boat.
>> And it was on a It was on a Yeah. a
river boat.
>> We were both Y'all know that a lot of
people probably don't. We were casino
dealers. Yeah.
>> And that's where we met.
>> Yeah.
>> I remember now. I didn't before.
>> How long did you guys work there?
Uh, we were in the business 18 years
total. I think
>> it was Yeah, it was a long time.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Nice.
>> Not really.
>> It really
>> It was fun when we were like or I'm
speaking for myself when you know young
like because we I when we started we
were both freshly 21. So that was fun,
>> right?
>> But then the more you do it it's like
okay this is not fun.
the the the money was good, the hours
were were terrible, and
>> I mean, you are around. I mean, there's
a lot of good people um working there
and and playing.
>> There's also a bunch of degenerates,
too, that aren't aren't the, you know,
most fun to be around.
>> Yeah. You know,
>> you're around a lot of alcohol and uh
people losing money. So, you know.
>> Yeah. And then, you know, we got married
and we couldn't work the same shift,
>> right? So, we never saw each other.
Like, I worked during the day and he
worked at night.
>> Why would they do that?
>> Because he was uh in a supervisor
position.
>> Oh, conflict of interest,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. Yep. Makes sense.
>> He supervised a little too much.
>> Say that. You could say that.
>> Keep her in line. I'm still trying to
keep her
That's cool. I I feel like that would
Yeah, that'd be a fun job for a while.
>> It's different.
>> I would do that that boat show.
>> The what?
>> The boat show.
>> What do you mean boat show?
>> What's that boat show,
>> Paul?
>> Boat show.
>> It's why Elizabeth watches it, too.
What's it called?
>> Oh, Below Deck.
>> I would do that.
>> Have you guys ever seen that show?
>> But that's not really
Yeah,
>> I used I used to binge that show, man. I
like that show. That's actually really
good.
>> That would be fun to work on one of
those for a while. I think
>> I would do it for like the six weeks
over it.
>> Yeah. And then I'd want a nap.
>> Yeah. It's funny. Whenever when I was a
teenager, I went on a cruise. I was 15.
And back then they didn't they just let
me in to gamble. They didn't ID. my mom
sat me down and taught me how to play
blackjack and um
>> and I won. But I was like fascinated by
just
>> the dealers and I'm like, man, what a
fun job working as a dealer on a cruise
ship and you get to go around the world
and stuff. I'm going to be a dealer
someday and I was
>> It wasn't as glamorous though.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So, you were playing you were playing
casino blackjack at 15 years old on the
cruise.
>> My mom There was some There was some
perfume I wanted in the gift shop. Yeah,
there was some perfume I wanted in the
gift shop. And my mom was like, "Okay, I
have these chips left over from the
tournament I played or whatever." She
said, "If you could take this money and
turn it into the enough to buy the
perfume,
>> oh my god, are you serious?"
>> She started me early. You did?
>> So, yeah. She And I was like, "Man, this
is easy." I was just like winning every
hand. I'm like, "This is so easy. Why
doesn't everybody do this?"
>> Did you get beginner's luck?
>> Yep.
>> What kind of perfume was it?
>> I don't even remember back then. It was
probably um
Oh my gosh, what was that perfume?
>> I would have saved the bottle.
>> It had an exclamation point.
It had an exclamation point. I don't
remember. Oh, anyway, it was some Yeah,
this was back in the 80s.
It was a little bitty ship, too. They
had little ships.
>> Oh,
>> that would have been 1988 if you were
15. Oh my gosh. Can y'all believe that?
Wow.
That
>> a good year to be on a boat.
>> No. What? Yeah, but that was like that
was like way before y'all were
>> I haven't done much I haven't been in
the casino very oft I think the only
casinos I've ever been on are on cruise
ships actually.
>> Uh the I think since we quit probably
the one of the only times we went was on
that cruise
>> with you. What was that? Sorry you cut
out. Uh, since we stopped working in the
casino, one of the few times we've been
was with you on a cruise ship.
>> What is What is she doing?
>> Pam,
>> what is it? What is Pam doing on the
screen?
Did you see Did you see her?
>> Hello?
>> Can y'all hear us? I don't.
>> Uhoh. Oh no, they're gone.
>> Oh no. What you want to talk about?
>> I don't know. I don't even know if this
is still going on YouTube or not.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> It still says live up there. I wonder if
Are we still live?
>> I don't know. Here. Try ask them in the
here.
Ask them in the chat there.
>> Hey Ryan, can you hear us?
>> Can y'all still see us in the chat? We
can hear us. Yeah.
>> Okay, y'all are back.
>> Sorry guys. It's kind of a disaster, but
it is what it is. It's okay. It's all
right, man.
>> What's a good casino boat pickup line,
Lonnie?
>> Um,
uh,
>> hey, uh, what you doing after work? I
don't know.
>> I don't know.
>> Hey, I like how you handle those chips.
>> Ask Candace is the one that came on to
me, not the other way around. So,
>> no, that's not true.
>> Well, it is kind of true, actually. Yes.
That's not true.
>> Really? What's the story?
>> She let somebody else know that she was
into me and then somebody that she knew
had loose lips.
>> No, they weren't supposed to tell you.
>> Exactly. It's like when you tell
somebody that you know is a blabbermouth
a secret
>> and then they go and spread it out
around everywhere. Well, obviously you
intended for the your secret to get out.
I really didn't because I was young and
I just believed everybody back then to
be, you know, honest and have integrity.
I didn't think she would tell you.
>> Okay.
>> I didn't.
>> Okay. Well, she did.
>> I know. Good thing, huh?
>> Have Have y'all been able to hear us all
this time?
>> They can't hear you.
>> Yeah, we can hear you.
>> Oh,
>> who said I love you first?
>> We We went through this. Yeah, I did.
>> You did? I I don't I'm not sure she has
yet, actually. Did you ever say it yet?
>> I'm working up to it.
>> It takes some people longer than others,
Leonard.
>> I'm I'm very guarded.
>> It's only been how many year? It's only
been 20
>> 24
>> 24 years.
>> Yeah.
>> Just uh
>> Yeah, you guys just had your anniversary
the other day.
>> A week ago.
>> 24 years.
>> Yeah. Two kids.
>> Y'all been
>> couple years.
>> Y'all been married how long? Five. Five.
>> Six. Six.
>> No, it'll be seven.
>> Uh,
>> seven.
>> Seven this year.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Isn't that crazy?
>> Does it feel like Does it feel like
seven years? No.
>> No. I feel like Wow. No, it feels
shorter.
>> Yeah, it feels shorter.
Once you have a baby, then like
everything goes crazy.
>> It everything's a blur. Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> They say time flies by and it really
does. It's like gez, man.
>> Our baby's going to be a senior next
year.
>> That's nuts.
>> Wow.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, cuz we got married.
>> We got married the f the first year we
started YouTube.
>> Yep.
>> It's been seven years. That's nuts.
man.
And we got a four-year-old, right? He's
in here looking at us.
>> Hey, little Ryan.
>> He can't hear us.
>> No, he can't hear.
>> Do you want to see Uncle Leonard and
Aunt Candace?
>> I fell off the bed.
>> You fell off the bed.
>> Could you hear that?
>> Yeah. Something about
>> He fell off the bed. Okay.
>> Do you want to tell them real quick and
then I'll set you back up?
>> No. Oh, he rolled off of them.
>> Well, we'll tell him we said hello.
>> Yeah.
>> Uncle Leonard and Aunt Kenda say hello.
>> What do you say?
>> Hello.
>> Hello. He's British now.
>> I'm surprised he's awake. He hasn't he
hasn't napped at all today. We got him I
got him books this weekend. The I can
read my first like book actually like
reads words now.
>> Yeah, he's reading a few words here in
>> good.
>> He's like beating up Ryan's sauna right
now.
>> I have one of those portable saunas in
the hallway upstairs like the they're
like basically made of canvas. He's
about to flip it over.
>> There's water somewhere connect there.
>> He's like pulling at it.
You still use that thing?
>> Uh, I haven't lately. No, but I need to.
>> Look on your chair right there.
>> Oh, thanks, bud.
>> I throw it over.
>> Gave me a penny.
>> Oh, that's not worth anything now.
>> They stopped making pennies apparently.
>> They did.
>> You can't use them either.
>> You can't use them.
>> No. Remember we went to get coffee and
um we paid with cash at this one
particular place and they uh they gave
us more money back than we should have
gotten because they said we're not using
pennies anymore
>> or this particular place.
>> That's crazy.
>> Yeah, we were supposed to get like four
cents back or something and they gave us
five cents back instead. I don't
remember.
>> Rounded it up. Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Keep going there. Eventually it will pay
off. You'll get a free coffee out of it.
Right.
>> They've been threatening for years to do
away with a penny.
>> Well, it costs more to make it than it's
worth.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> Cost like two and a half pennies to make
one penny.
>> I think it costs three cents or
something.
>> Yeah. Something.
>> So So what would you So here's a quiz
for y'all. What would y'all rather?
Would you rather have
a what? What's worth more, a pound of
dimes
or a pound of quarters?
>> Dimes.
>> No. Uh,
>> dimes.
>> Is it dime? Is it dimes?
>> Dimes.
>> Wait, let me think about this.
>> Okay. Hey,
>> pound a pound of
>> Well, it depends.
>> Ryan, come on.
>> Dimes are cuter.
>> Wait, what does it depend on?
>> Do you have any guess?
>> It depends on what it's made of.
>> Are are the dimes and quarters made of
silver?
>> No, we're we're just going to say let's
just say that they're uh modernday
quarters and and dimes, so the the metal
content is not really important. Yeah.
Irrelevant.
>> We're just worried about the weight and
how much they're worth.
>> Yeah.
>> Done.
>> So So, uh, no quarters.
>> Dime.
>> I'll give you
>> Okay. It It should be the Okay, go
ahead.
>> I was going to say I was going to say,
>> wait,
>> a dime is cute.
>> Do you know the answer to this?
>> Yeah,
>> he does. And I do, too.
Be would you rather have dimes or
quarters if you had a whole pound of
them? A dime or a quarter?
>> Mary McQueen said the JFK 50 cent piece
is going away too.
>> When I looked it up, I'll tell y'all
when I looked it up, they are worth the
same.
>> Why would it be the same?
>> Because two and a half I guess because a
quarter weighs about two and a half uh
dimes.
>> Dimes. Yeah.
>> Two and a half times what a dime weighs.
>> All right.
>> Two and a half times.
>> I wouldn't know how to guess that. I was
going to say quarters because quarters
are worth more money.
>> They're bigger. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> I know dimes are like very low weight
and they're small.
>> What are you doing,
>> dude?
>> This is getting out of hand.
>> Oh my god.
>> Wow.
I like the symbol at the end.
>> All right, animal.
>> Yeah.
Man,
>> that about sums up this episode, Ryan.
>> Pretty much.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> That symbol for
>> All right. I I think I think it's about
time to call it. It's getting a little
hectic here.
>> Okay. All right. Oh,
>> well, thank you guys for watching uh
this train wreck of an episode.
>> I mean, listen to animal down there.
Listen to
>> Yeah, y'all have fun with that.
>> You know what? He's like that because
he's so tired. Huh.
>> Exactly.
>> He's very tired.
>> Normally I go to bed like lay down with
him. So, I'm sure
>> Listen to him.
>> He's pounding on the door.
>> He sounds possessed. All right. Well,
wrap this thing up. wrap this thing up,
Ryan. Let's go. Oh my god.
>> All right, guys. Thank Thank you for
>> Thanks for watching, guys. We'll be back
next week. Regular format.
>> And uh I hope you guys enjoyed this.
>> Hectic as it was. You want to say
goodbye? Come here, bud. You want to
make all this all this noise? You got to
you got to say bye now.
>> Look, there they are.
>> Here we are.
>> Now he's shy.
>> Yeah.
>> Hey, do you want to go to bed with
mommy? Oh, can you hit the sign? Can you
put put it on?
>> Does it light up?
>> Yeah, you didn't know that.
>> Oh, it does. I think I did. Oh, that is
really cool. I like that.
>> All right, guys. Thanks so much for
watching and thanks especially to the
inner circle for joining the channel and
joining us live.
>> Absolutely.
>> Appreciate it. Appreciate it a lot.
>> We'll see you guys. Good night.